# ISCP Practice Test Hackerrank

[Castle on the Grid You are given a square grid with some cells open (.) and some blocked (X). Your playing piece can move along any row or column until it reaches the edge of the grid or a blocked cell. Given a grid, a start and a goal, determine the minmum number of moves to get to the goal.](https://github.com/atharva-narkhede/SRM-Sem3/blob/main/ISCP/Practice%20Test%2002/Castle_on_the_Grid.cpp)

[Down to Zero II You are given  queries. Each query consists of a single number . You can perform any of the  operations on  in each move:1: If we take 2 integers  and  where , , then we can change 2: Decrease the value of  by .Determine the minimum number of moves required to reduce the value of  to .](https://github.com/atharva-narkhede/SRM-Sem3/blob/main/ISCP/Practice%20Test%2002/Down_to_Zero_II.cpp)

[Equal Stacks You have three stacks of cylinders where each cylinder has the same diameter, but they may vary in height. You can change the height of a stack by removing and discarding its topmost cylinder any number of times.Find the maximum possible height of the stacks such that all of the stacks are exactly the same height. This means you must remove zero or more cylinders from the top of zero or more of the three stacks until they are all the same height, then return the height.](https://github.com/atharva-narkhede/SRM-Sem3/blob/main/ISCP/Practice%20Test%2002/Equal_Stacks.cpp)

[Poisonous Plants There are a number of plants in a garden. Each of the plants has been treated with some amount of pesticide. After each day, if any plant has more pesticide than the plant on its left, being weaker than the left one, it dies.You are given the initial values of the pesticide in each of the plants. Determine the number of days after which no plant dies, i.e. the time after which there is no plant with more pesticide content than the plant to its left.](https://github.com/atharva-narkhede/SRM-Sem3/blob/main/ISCP/Practice%20Test%2002/Poisonous_Plants.cpp)
